Add http routing errors handler (#1517)
grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway: docs/_docs/customizingyourgateway.md

will include any gRPC error attributes (code, message, detail messages),
if the error being reported includes them. If the error does not have
these attributes, a gRPC code of `Unknown` (2) is reported.

## Routing Error handler

> To override how the error handling for cases when `*runtime.ServeMux` was not 
> able to serve due to routing issues, use the `runtime.WithRoutingErrorHandler` option. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override the error behavior when `*runtime.ServeMux` was not 
able to serve the request due to routing issues, use the `runtime.WithRoutingErrorHandler` option. 
```

> This will configure all HTTP routing errors to pass through this error handler.
> Default behaviour is to map http error codes to gRPC errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will configure all HTTP routing errors to pass through this error handler.
Default behavior is to map HTTP error codes to gRPC errors.
```

> Http statuses and their mappings to gRPC statuses: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP statuses and their mappings to gRPC statuses: 
```

* HTTP `404 Not Found` -> gRPC `5 NOT_FOUND`
* HTTP `405 Method Not Allowed` -> gRPC `12 UNIMPLEMENTED`
* HTTP `400 Bad Request` -> gRPC `3 INVALID_ARGUMENT`

> Method not expected to be called for any other HTTP statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is not used outside of the initial routing.
```
